So in a switch case.
Then the case zero.
That means a user have pressed the zero button so we have to quit.
Right away to print this line which says playlist is complete and it will be the set to true so that
we don't have to further.
To do our steps.
And after that, we have to break now.
Now, the next case could be is one could be what it says it sees it have to play the next song.
Right.
So here.
We need.
And if a statement, if not forward if not forward, that means of forward is false.
And we have to also charge that if list at Twitter dot has next not previous so we have to check the
next not previous since we have instructed to play the next song and we have to even check the next
song exist or not if the next song exist.
If some exist.
And then we have to show our list.
A traitor.
So list.
Traitor.
Not next.
Simple as that.
And what we know is here, we will set forward equal to be the truth this time.
And what we do is we have to now print the song.
In the song that we have in here.
And so what we do is outside this is a statement.
We do another statement, not outside this.
Mr..
That we have said.
Forward to it.
True.
And yes, outside this list, Prater.
We checked for other efforts that if listed crater not has next next to the shore and after that we
will print whatever the current listed critter is on.
So it is ennobling and whatever is supposition of illustrator.
So illustrator dot next and we have to convert it to string and that's it.
And at the same time, not at the same time.
We have not checked for the last part.
What we can do is there is no no next song, no next song available.
So that means we have reached to the end of the list.
So no song.
No song available.
Reach to the end of the list.
And we'll set forward to whether false so forward or not for.
For Vincent, we be false here.
So here we have Randall zero.
And the one piece which was to quit and to play the next button.
So when the user presses to now here we have to what we have to do we have to play the previous song.
This one case too.
We have to play the previous song.
So let's break out of this first and we will break this here.
And what we do is when the case is two, so that in case we do here, we have another statement.
If straight forward is true here, the forward will be the true and we have to change the end of the
previous exist.
Then shift our pointer on the list.
In the previous telestrator that has previous.
So we have to check this list because let's say we are on the first song, we are on the first song.
Then in that case we don't have any previous song.
So we have to check that if the previous songs exist, then the list operator.
Two previous end forward will be set to the fall.
So outside this statement forward is equal to the falls and what we do outside if the list is greater.
Yeah.
If the literature metadata has previous just to ensure and what we do is we have to print whatever the
current sonnet is.
So nothing.
No not playing and the song is listed or not previous and we have converted to string.
Yes.
Like this two string.
And in that last part we have to handle that.
We are the first song here so there is no previous song.
So we are right.
The first song like this we can say we are at the first song.
And what we do is set forward to the falls and breakout so forward and we'll set it to the fall so like
this and we will break here.
And the next thing is we have handled zero one and two.
So the next thing that we have to handle is to replay the current zone.
So let's say it's the case three and we have to check that we are eligible for forward OC.
If we are eligible for forward, then we have to shift to if list operator not has previous.
Since pointer is shifted, we have to move to the previous.
So in that case, if the list that has previous that has previous, we will simply print that whatever
the song it is because it's our previous song.
So now playing and the name of the song, which is the less know which will be the last operator that
previous and will convert the string like the to string and we'll set forward to be to the false and
what we can do in that part we can see that we are at the start of the list inspired part will simply
print that we are at the start of list like this and just from dot dot print.
And now what we can do is now we need another else.
BLOCK this else block here.
Let's define everything here.
Now if list creator dot has next and this time if this has next, then we simply print.
So now playing in the current song.
So let's try Twitter dot next and we have to print it so we will convert it to string and forward will
set to the true again so for not for all is equal to two here and here in that case.
Now, if that's not so, what we will do is we will simply print that we have reached the end of the
list in the last part like this and simply break out of this case as well.
So out of this, if else, block will break the.
So we have handled case three as well when we have to replace the current song now now the case for.
We have to print all the songs.
So when the cases for what we do is we will print the list.
So here we have created a matter which will print all the songs inside the playlist.
So we will simply not print my new print list.
And here we have to pass in the link to list this playlist telling list, which is although we have
handled the four case as well.
Now when the case when you press five, we have to first record of this.
This is four as well and we have to know when the case is five and we have to print all the available
options.
Right.
We have to.
Yeah.
The 15 sprint all available options.
So the menu here and the code will call the print menu and break out of this block.
And now the last case is the case six.
Here we have to remove or delete the current zone that we are on.
If there is no such so that means it's okay.
We have to do this.
And when the song exists in our playlist, so playlist and that dies.
If that thing is greater than zero, then only we can delete items from the playlist.
What do we do if list creator dot has next to and okay if the list or does not extend, it will appear
before that we will remove.
Whatever the current iterator is on also list iterator dot remove.
The Socialist to a traitor has next to.
So for example, if we have deleted the current song, then we have to.
Play the next song or not.
So we have to check that the next song even exist or not.
So if listed Prater dot has nine and what we will do is simply print.
We will print now playing and the name of the song.
So list Twitter the list Twitter next and it will convert to the string.
So since we have removed the current song, so by default it will either print or either play the next
song or the previous song.
And at the same time we'll set forward with True.
Yeah.
So I found that to be true.
And if there is no next song.
Or the please.
Then we have to handle the case.
This one, Dale's case.
Right.
Okay, let's have one more check that even if the previous song existed right or not.
So if Lestrade did not, has previous.
We have to only do this when we have the previous.
So what we.
Okay.
Make sure header it will have the return.
Di fried.
We don't have to sit forward to wade through the playlists.
Creator.
Okay, so if the playlist was okay, so in the previous song, so now playing and whatever the name
of the song is, so let's do Twitter dot previous start to string.
So here is our case for and I we don't need any more cases.
So what we have done, we had defined all the cases here.
So we have taken the user input and defined some of the booleans
in the list.
Iterator.
Yeah.
So in the conclusion and we have taken the user input and defined some of the booleans, then we have
the list of iterator for list and if the list of the size of the list is zero, simply print that we
don't have any song and print on the level of programming print menu.
So why not quit while users have not quit yet?
Take user input and use these switch cases and all the different cases.
For example, we have this.
No, yeah.
Let's see the example as well.
This one here.
Right.
I'm simply running our program here.
We will have to.
Yeah, we will simply take the example and press zero.
It sees playlist complete and we just quit.
So we have defined all the food cases.